<html>

<head>
<meta http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<meta name=Generator content="Microsoft Word 14 (filtered)">
<style>
<!--
 /* Font Definitions */
 @font-face
	{font-family:Calibri;
	panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;}
 /* Style Definitions */
 p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal
	{margin-top:0in;
	margin-right:0in;
	margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";}
a:link, span.MsoHyperlink
	{color:blue;
	text-decoration:underline;}
a:visited, span.MsoHyperlinkFollowed
	{color:purple;
	text-decoration:underline;}
.MsoPapDefault
	{margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	line-height:115%;}
@page WordSection1
	{size:8.5in 11.0in;
	margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in;}
div.WordSection1
	{page:WordSection1;}
-->
</style>

</head>

<body lang=EN-US link=blue vlink=purple>

<div class=WordSection1>

<p class=MsoNormal>Blank cells where data not available.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>*Estimates are considered unreliable.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Data preceded by an asterisk have a relative standard error
(RSE) of 20%-30%.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Data not shown have an RSE greater than 30%.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>1</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to both questions, &quot;Has a doctor or other health professional
ever told you that your child had asthma?&quot; and &quot;Does your child still
have asthma?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>2</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to both questions, &quot;Has a doctor or other health professional
ever told you that your child had asthma?&quot; and &quot;During the past 12
months, did your child have an episode of asthma or an asthma attack?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>3</sup>Includes all other races not shown separately,
unknown poverty level, and unknown health insurance status.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>4</sup>The race groups, white, black, American Indian
or Alaska Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, and 2 or
more races, include persons of Hispanic and non-Hispanic origin. Persons of
Hispanic origin may be of any race. Starting with 1999 data, race-specific
estimates are tabulated according to the 1997 Revisions to the Standards for
the Classification of Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity and are not strictly
comparable with estimates for earlier years. The five single-race categories
plus multiple-race categories shown in the table conform to the 1997 Standards.
Starting with 1999 data, race-specific estimates are for persons who reported
only one racial group; the category 2 or more races includes persons who
reported more than one racial group. Prior to 1999, data were tabulated
according to the 1977 Standards with four racial groups and the Asian only
category included Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander. Estimates for
single-race categories prior to 1999 included persons who reported one race or,
if they reported more than one race, identified one race as best representing
their race. Starting with 2003 data, race responses of other race and
unspecified multiple race were treated as missing, and then race was imputed if
these were the only race responses. Almost all persons with a race response of
other race were of Hispanic origin. See Appendix II, Hispanic origin; Race.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>5</sup>Percent of poverty level is based on family
income and family size and composition using U.S. Census Bureau poverty
thresholds. Missing family income data were imputed for 1997 and beyond. See
Appendix II, Family income; Poverty; Table VI.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>6</sup>Health insurance categories are mutually
exclusive. Persons who reported both Medicaid and private coverage are classified
as having private coverage. Starting with 1997 data, state-sponsored health
plan coverage is included as Medicaid coverage. Starting with 1999 data,
coverage by the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) is included as
Medicaid coverage. In addition to private and Medicaid, the insured category
also includes military, other government, and Medicare coverage. Persons not
covered by private insurance, Medicaid, CHIP, state-sponsored or other
government-sponsored health plans, Medicare, or military plans are considered
to have no health insurance coverage. Persons with only Indian Health Service
coverage are considered to have no health insurance coverage. See Appendix II,
Health insurance coverage.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>7</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to the question, &quot;Has a doctor or health professional ever told
you that your child had attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or
attention deficit disorder (ADD)?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>8</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to the question, &quot;Overall, do you think that [child] has
difficulties in any of the following areas: emotions, concentration, behavior,
or being able to get along with other people?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>9</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to the question, &quot;During the past 12 months, has your child had
any kind of food or digestive allergy?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>10</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to the question, &quot;During the past 12 months, has your child had
any eczema or any kind of skin allergy?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>11</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to the question, &quot;During the past 12 months, has your child had
hay fever?&quot; or to the question, &quot;During the past 12 months, has your
child had any kind of respiratory allergy?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><sup>12</sup>Based on parent or knowledgeable adult
responding to the question, &quot;During the past 12 months, has your child had
three or more ear infections?&quot;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>NOTES: Answers to questions are supplied by the parents or a
knowledgeable adult in the family. Standard errors are available in the spreadsheet
version of this table. Available from: <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/hus.htm">http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/hus.htm</a>.
 Data for additional years are available. See Appendix III.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>SOURCE: CDC/NCHS, National Health Interview Survey, sample
child and family core questionnaire. See Appendix I, National Health Interview
Survey (NHIS).</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Health, United States 2011 web updates</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
